h2. Redmine extra query operators plugin

Plugin adds extra operators to issues query, allowing to select exact dates and offsets from current date. Also this plugin adds ability to use regular expressions in text fields

h3. Following extra operators are available for all date fields (start date, due date, etc):

* *Between*
 Includes all dates which are between specified two dates
* *After*
 Includes all dates which are after specified date
* *Before*
 Includes all dates which are before specified date
* *Is months*
 Includes all dates which are within given month (you may use negative numbers for past months, for example -1 means previous month, etc)
* *Is weeks*
 Includes all dates which are within given week (you may use negative numbers for past weeks, for example -1 means previous week, etc)

h3. Following extra operator is available for all string and text fields:

* *Matches regexp*
 Searches string using SQL regular expression (ie use @\[.*\]@ in subject filter to find all subjects with square brackets)

h3. Extra syntax for operators *before* and *after*

It is possible to define data range relative to current day for *before* and *after* operators. For this use following syntax:

(+|-)<number>[w|m]

* *w* - weeks from current date
* *m* - months from current date

For example, expression *+0w* in _due date_ filter will show all issues with due date before the monday of next week

h3. Compatibility

Plugin patches *views\queries\_filters.html.erb* view. Additions are marked with _VVK start_ and _VVK end_ comments

h3. Installation and Setup

# Install plugin "Plugin views with revisions":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_plugin_views_revisions if you do not have it installed
# Follow the "Redmine plugin installation steps":http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
# Run rake task
 *rake redmine:plugins:process_version_change RAILS_ENV=production*
# Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

h3. History

0.1.1

* Rails 3 (Redmine 2.x) compatibility

0.1.0

* Now compatible with 1.3.x again
* Plugin depends on "Plugin views with revisions":http://www.redmine.org/plugins/redmine_plugin_views_revisions for further Redmine compatibility

0.0.6

* Bugfixes

0.0.5

* Redmine 1.3.x compatibility
* Not compatible with Redmine versions prior to 1.3.x
* Extra syntax for *before* and *after* operators implemented (see above)

0.0.4

* Compatibility with Redmine 1.2.x
* Not compatible with Redmine versions prior to 1.2.x

0.0.3

* First public release

